
My favorite CSS property has to be ```border:``` simply because it realy helps with visualizing the boxes that each element takes and visualizing the box model. a simple ```border: 1px solid red;``` will show a box around the element, as we edit the element with width or height, we can visually see the change to width or height.

The best CSS selector for this task would be a class selector. a class selector that looks like ```.spicy { color: red }``` would be perfect to add to each of the specific spicy elements. We could also use ID selectors, but that would only work if there was only one spicy or gluten-free item on the menu because id selectors are only to be used once.

Cascade is part of the reason why the internet works across many different browsers. If something does not make sense or is not compatiable with the browser of a certain user, CSS will move down the cascade and apply the next portion of the cascade if it is compatable. Specificity is important as you write CSS, the more specific a selector is will determine if it overwites other parts of the code. A great example of this is class selectors and ID selectors, if both are applied to a html element, the ID selector will overwrite the class selector because of how specific it is. Properties can also be inherited from parent elements, If a ```<p>``` element is nested inside of a ```<header>``` element, the the ```<header>``` element has ```font-family: monospace;``` the ```<p>``` element will inherit the font-family property.
